Hello John,

My name is Eric and I am a Architectural designer and maker based in Hong Kong. As community organizer of DimSumLabs, Hong Kong's hackerspace i am actively helping out a group of my colleagues who have won an architectural competition in Hong Kong.

I am writing to ask if you are interested in a collaboration between SoundPuddle and an architectural design team – the Daydreamers Design. The Daydreamers Design (“Daydreamers”) consists of a group of young professional architects and architectural designers who comes from different backgrounds across the world: U.K., New Zealand, Hong Kong, and China.

The Daydreamers recently won a competition in designing a pavilion in Hong Kong for the Mid-Autumn Festival. The pavilion will be a 12m radius geodesic dome to be displayed in Victoria Park, Hong Kong for approximately two weeks during the month of September. To relate to the Mid-Autumn Festival the designers are using 5 gallon water bottles (think water coolers) with an integrated LED's to recreate an image of a full moon. Inside, the designers are proposing to re-use plastic bottles and LED's as a modern take on the traditional chinese lanterns. These interior lanterns form the ceiling of the structure forming an inverted dune-like floating mesh.

The external LED system has already been outsourced to a contractor, however i believe that we could collaborate on the interior LED lighting system. 

Is this something that you and your team would like to collaborate on? I truly believe that the style of our pavilion and what you are trying to achieve is very much in alignment. Maybe by collaborating with us on this project you can test out your solution on a much bigger scale and therefore use the Mid-Autumn Pavilion as a platform to further promote SoundPuddle.

Unfortunately as this is a government sponsored competition they are under a very tight budget and may not be able to repay your group financially. However the 'Daydreamers' and DimSumLabs are more than happy to promote your group and your projects through the advertising campaign in our pavilion project.

If you are interested please feel free to reply to us. We totally understand that we might not be able to work together this time. Nevertheless, we look forward to working with your group if future opportunities arise.

Regards
-Eric Tsoi - Of 1.3 billion Chinese people, hopefully I'm your favorite.

Hong Kong Hackerspace Dim Sum Labs Community Organizer

fb: https://www.facebook.com/DimSumLabs
website: http://www.dimsumlabs.com/
github: https://github.com/erictsoi
mob: +852 97782868
